Deep in our thoughts, this teaching is the teaching of the lineage, the teaching of the wisdom, and
the compassion of the lineage teacher.
Therefore devotion is honoring, respecting, and at the same time, gradually receiving that.
Therefore this prayer is so special, so beautiful.
And due those prayers, we devote it to the thought, as the teaching said, strongly feel great, joy.
And this is also practice, it's not practice of sad and suffering and frightening and threatening
things.
It is celebration of joy, appreciation, what we are, what we have, what we got.
That is what practice, and making beauty ourself, one of the beautiful glowing ourself, that we can
glow now and glow continually to the future.
Future, that is what I bought in practice.
And then to the joy, and appreciation, all those beautiful instructions, it is so special, all this
, this, to those thoughts, and then meditate.
Then meditate with those tiny information, and merge as in the teachings, and merge everything into
the one single state of the old mind.
Even the joy and appreciation, all that, with the kind of looks laid out, but it's all generated,
reflected, emanated from your Buddha mind.
This is the display of the Dharmakaya call, in some of the call, it went out and brought all
everything beautiful and blended that in.
And now we merge it back to our own awareness state, chikurupa, or Dharmakaya mind state.
And now we are going to behold Dharmakaya mind.
And Dharmakaya mind, making so many times of teaching, there is nothing to see, nothing to hope,
nothing to grasp.
Simply relax, relax and reflect, not too much, maybe reflect, relax, relax, relax on the Persian
state, relax on the Persian state.
And don't try to be, let it be the, what's called, mindfulness, support the mindfulness so that we
can stabilize.
There is one great master, not one great master, I mean it is a great master, very low keeper, low
keeper.
Merited, it's not master, it's a nonsense teaching song, but merited, good merited.
He said one time, I heard, that's talking that with some of those low key, good practitioners, they
are talking, they are talking.
But this master said, when you meditate, what do we need?
Stable mind, stabilize the mind. Stable meditate, he said.
Aho means, aho means my brother, I think, is koloko, aho.
First, the meditate is so important. Stable, stable, firmness of stable is so important.
Once it's stable, then he said, aho, what is needs?
We need more, peaceful, calm. So it's not forceful, forceful, but calm needed.
Then he said, in other words, we need so calm but need, need little clarity.
So that means firm, peaceful or gentle, and clarity. That's what we really need.
When we be holding the dharmakaya, that's what we need.
Firm, gentle, and clarity.
What also that means, actually, is this is the experience of speech.
Experience, of course, all this experience, but this is very low key, unannounced, great master.
Speech, its own experience. Firmness is very important.
If it's not firm, then so many distractions, conceptions are disturbing our meditate continually.
There's so many thoughts that come from one after another, and even you hold, behold the dharmakaya
mind.
Every second, it's kind of blown away, all the turbulence of the conceptions.
That's what the great master published when he said, in the 6th Psalm, what he said.
He said, triple the balance, means that these deluded conceptions are roaring as like waves.
Waves, like raging waves. What's called, sometimes in the floor, the ocean,
today's ocean is calm, means less, less waves.
Today's ocean is very rough, and so this concerned, deluded, concerned, so loud that waves are so
ripe,
and then there's no stabilisation.
Dharmakaya, beholding the dharmakaya, is instantly blown, instantly interrupted.
Therefore, stabilisation, firmness is so important.
But then, this again, this second, what he said, gentle.
Many times, the meditators will make so much effort, become so tense, so tense, so effort,
and that is almost a really kind of system, this balance of this, mostly kind of lost system.
So big effort, forceful and tight, that is not here. Relax, gentle, calm, the standard.
Standard is there, calm and gentle and peaceful. That is what we need.
So for that reason, this great practice he said, the gentle is important.
It is too much gentle, and too stable, it is too much gentle.
Then what is the brace? Then it brings dowsiness.
Then it brings dullness.
Then it kind of leads that meditation in almost a kind of ignorant status, dullness status.
For that reason, this experience master or practitioner says, let it cloud it.
Have you put a letter at clarity, to the gentle, to the threat?
Then, behold the dharmakaya, that is what the dharmakaya is.
Then, dharmakaya is firm, dharmakaya is gentle, and dharmakaya is clarity.
And that is what we need to state.
And for that reason here, great master, also his Holy Spirit here said,
having thus cut the problem, we did all the doubt and misconception about the will.
The will continuity is called meditation.
If apart from this, all marriages we target are intellectual meditation.
Devised by the thought, we do not like that.
Without the strain from the firmness of the will, we remain free,
releasing all the perceptions of the five senses,
draw in their natural status.
Do not meditate thinking, or do not think that I am meditating.
This is it. Have you meditated with this?
This is it. Have you meditated?
That is the intellect.
Therefore, nothing should be meditated upon.
Do not let yourself be distracted even for the instant.
That means firmness, firmness.
But that means also what we need.
We need mindfulness in order to make the little white.
But also not mindful too much.
That will again make too tense, tense.
If you wonder at the Diwali, in the Ewali itself, that is really...
So therefore, here I mean...
So when we meditate, relaxing that natural status.
We are thinking we are going to meditate with this and that.
Thinking, that is as the teaching said, that is intellectual meditation.
That is thinking meditation.
Thinking meditation is conceptual.
Therefore, this time we are going to release the conceptual.
For that reason, we are going to continually beholden our will of Dhanakaya
and stay in that status, stay in that status.
Not thinking, this and that, but relax and be in that prison status, prison status.
And relax all the senses.
So therefore, we are not going to follow any image or the message that comes from the senses.
Anything there.
And we could follow in that.
Then it is destructed from the prison state of the view of the Dhanakaya mind.
And for that reason, we relax in the natural status.
As thought comes, we are not going to block the senses too.
No.
As sense comes, we let it come, let it go.
As is coming, add let it go.
That is known as then liberating instantly.
Liberating instantly is all natural status.
Status.
So this is the again, this is the way we are going to meditate.